Update howto-configure-fabric-real-time-intelligence.md (#125991)
Azure/azure-content: articles/iot-operations/connect-to-cloud/howto-configure-fabric-real-time-intelligence.md

    | Host                  | The hostname of the Event Stream Custom Endpoint in the format `*.servicebus.windows.net:9093`. Use the bootstrap server address noted previously. |
    | Authentication method | *SASL* is the currently the only supported authentication method. |
    | SASL type             | Choose *Plain* |

>     | Synced secret name    | Enter a name of the Kubernetes secret that contains the connection string. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Synced secret name    | Enter a name for the syned secret. A Kubernetes secret with this name will be created on the cluster. |
```
